[Music]
this is how a rich man drinks wine
he breaks an egg into an empty glass and
pours in some fine wine
then drinks it all in one gulp it's his
breakfast the famous antique paintings
are left on the floor after having
breakfast
this guy drives his car straight into
the mall he uses a drill to unlock the
door and gets inside
he eats the most delicious food and
randomly wears the most expensive suits
in the store
he lives a free life he can do
everything he wants without being
controlled
this man's name is zach hobson he's a
scientist employed by dilenko
while he was sleeping a flash of red
light awoke zack
he gets dressed and drives to work as
usual but the world seems to be
unusually quiet
there is no employee at the gas station
a lawnmower is still working by the
roadside
when he's wondering what has happened an
oil tanker truck suddenly appears on the
street
fortunately zach reacts in time so there
isn't any accident
after driving into the city the
surroundings even make zak more confused
as usual the streets are always full of
cars but today
there are neither cars nor people even
though there's a fire
no one appears to put it out
investigating a fire
he discovers the wreckage of a passenger
jet but there are no bodies
only empty seats zach enters his
laboratory
but fails to contact any of the other
labs around the world
only until this moment does he realize
that he's the only person left on earth
he searches around the laboratory and
reaches a room when the door opens
he's very delighted to see another man
but when he turns the chair
it turns out to be a dead body the
corpse collapses and touches the burglar
alarm
the lab is suddenly and automatically
sealed zach is locked inside
so he improvises a bomb to free himself
by burning the gas tank
after that zack hurriedly runs to a safe
place
a loud bang resounds the explosion makes
a large hole on the wall
zach finally manages to escape from the
lab he turns on the power and starts the
radio
zack starts to search for other
survivors on earth he drives the police
car around the city
but can't find anyone on a quiet night
suddenly a heavy rain comes
the sound of saxophone echoes throughout
the city zack has completely given up
looking for other people
he's no longer controlled by laws or any
discipline he begins a life of
self-indulgence and enjoys the lonely
world
zack then moves into a luxurious mansion
he drives the train right
into the city center just because he
wants to play billiards
when he doesn't like the presenter on tv
zach picks up a gun and shoots at it
after a week of vayne attempts to
contact other human beings
his mental state begins to deteriorate
he feels like being abandoned by god
zak bursts into a church shoots at a
statue of jesus
but it isn't enough for him zack even
uses an earth mover to destroy the city
in the end he puts the barrel of a
shotgun into his mouth
zach wants to go to god and asks him the
reason right at this moment
a loud band resounds making zach come to
the senses
he determines that he can't die like
that even if there was only him left on
earth
zach has to stay strong to be alive he
moves to another mansion and starts his
new life
he uses the generator to bring
electricity to the new house
one day when he's playing game zach
suddenly finds something strange through
the screen
when he turns around zack sees a woman
entering the house with a gun
perhaps it's because of being alone for
too long they're both dumbfounded when
they see each other
the two lonely humans hug each other
tightly they spend a sleepless night
talking to each other
about what has happened to them zack
says that the mass disappearance seems
to be related to this company
they worked on project flashlight an
experiment to create a global energy
grid
which makes it possible for a plane to
take off without fuel
after a few days the two discuss and
start to find more survivors
joanne's responsible for searching in
the hospitals while zach brings the
generator to the institute
he thinks the disaster seems to coincide
with the moment flashlight was activated
suddenly there's spatial distortion the
two can sense clearly the incoming
disaster
through observation zach discovers that
the amount of electrons in the air is
changing
and the earth is in an unstable state on
the way to reunite with joanne
a delivery truck suddenly appears and
blocks zack's way
zack steps toward it to check he pulls
the door but the driver's seat is empty
suddenly a masked guy turns up and
controls zach with a gun
after making sure that he's safe the
strange guy reveals his face
it turns out that he's another lucky
survivor named api
after meeting joanne the three people
hug each other tightly
sitting in front the fire they determine
why they survived
when the mass disappearance happened
they were all on the verge of death
api was being drowned in a fight joanne
was electrocuted by a faulty hairdryer
and zack had overdosed on pills in a
suicide attempt
he had realized the experiment posed
serious dangers
and was guilt-ridden for not speaking
out through investigation
zack finds out that universal physical
constants are changing
causing the sun's output to fluctuate if
nothing was done
the earth would be destroyed soon zach
tells the others to hurriedly go to the
institute with him
because there are many devices and they
might find a solution
however api isn't satisfied with zack's
order
after a while fighting zach drives the
car away api angrily chases after him
and the two cars collide api crashes his
car into zax
causing zach to lose control of the car
after that the two continue on arguing
joanne picks up a gun and shoots at them
to stop the coral
according to the computer's calculation
the disaster will come tomorrow
suddenly spatial distortion occurs again
zak and api both disappear without a
trace
they're transported to different spaces
earth's gravity seems to have lost its
effect
but very quickly everything returns to
normal api says that if the disaster
appeared because of the global energy
grid
why don't they destroy it to bring
everything back to normal the three
immediately drive a truckload of
explosives to the institute
zak decides to destroy the delanco
facility in an attempt to stop the
disaster
on the way there zach detects dangerous
levels of ionizing radiation
so they have to stop far from the
institute if they kept going into it
they would be exploded
the three walk to the d'alenco facility
and find out that the grid is still
working normally
zack says that he will go to town to
retrieve a remote control device
which allows them to send the truck into
the facility joanne wants to go with him
but is refused
in fact zach has known that joanne and
api have feelings for each other
on the observatory they hear the truck
coming it turns out that there isn't any
remote control device
zach directly drives the truck into the
facility as for joanne and api
they're very shocked with zach's
sacrifice he drives the truck onto the
weakened roof of the underground portion
of the laboratory
just as the effect reaches a maximum he
triggers the explosives
causing the facility to collapse once
again a red light is seen surrounded by
the dark tunnel
zach finds himself lying face down on
the beach there are strange cloud
formations and an enormous ringed planet
slowly appears over the horizon
the movie ends here you may think that
zach isn't a hero
but a cunning guy in fact the mass
disappearance isn't related to the
energy grid
when zack's busy finding a solution to
save the three he sees api
and joanne together he's so jealous that
zach wants to leave them there
and survive alone but he sacrifices
because zach knows that only by dying
can he escape the disaster but zach
can't expect that he is sent to another
planet
and the movie doesn't tell us what will
happen to him in the future
it's the end of the movie today thank
you for watching
goodbye and see you next time